Dialog component refactoring (#8789)
IgniteUI/igniteui-angular: CHANGELOG.md

- `IgxDropDown`
    - The `igx-drop-down-item` now allows for `igxPrefix`, `igxSuffix` and `igx-divider` directives to be passed as `ng-content` and they will be renderer accordingly in the item's content.
### General
- `IgxDialog`

>     - The dialog messages template is now moved inside the dialog message container. This means that if you have templated the dialog message by adding something in between the opening and closing tags of the dialog you may have to adjust it a bit since that template is now rendered inside a container that has padding on it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - The dialog content has been moved inside the dialog window container in the template. This means that if you have added something in-between the opening and closing tags of the dialog, you may have to adjust its styling a bit since that content is now rendered inside a container that has padding on it.
```
